Metrics followup. (#1767)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/dedicated/architecture/metrics.md

{{< note >}}
You will notice on the per-host dropdown above, a Host ID is listed of the form `Host i-XXXXXXXXX`. If you navigate to the production environment's overview in the management console, however, you will also see that this Host ID does *not* match identifiers used in interacting with a host, such as the SSH dropdown options for each host on that envirnoment.

| Host ID on Metrics page      | SSH connection string on Overview page                                |
| :--------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Host i-04353f1e6f`          | `ssh 3.ent-abcde3clusterID-production-qwerty8@ssh.us-4.platform.sh`   |
| `Host i-04d1ac8319`          | `ssh 2.ent-abcde3clusterID-production-qwerty8@ssh.us-4.platform.sh`   |
| `Host i-0b1e1b96cf`          | `ssh 1.ent-abcde3clusterID-production-qwerty8@ssh.us-4.platform.sh`   |

> In the table above, host IDs and SSH addresses in the same row do not necessarily point to the same host, and do not themselves have naming conventions that could easily resolve one to the other. This makes the step between observing a host's metrics and then SSHing into that host to investigate a potential problem require an intermediate step. In this case, it is to simply SSH into a host, and then verify the Host ID after the fact. 

Author: ```suggestion
In the table above, host IDs and SSH addresses in the same row do not necessarily point to the same host, and do not themselves have naming conventions that could easily resolve one to the other. Observing a host's metrics and then SSHing into that host to investigate a potential problem first requires an intermediate step. In this case, it is to simply SSH into a host, and then verify the Host ID after the fact. 
```
